---
name: "Alan Quasha"
title: "Board Member"
department: "Brean Capital"
tag: "alan-quasha"
---
Alan Quasha is lead investor in Fullbridge and serves as the company’s Chairman. Alan founded his investment firm Quadrant and is responsible for managing investments and overseeing the firm. Mr. Quasha serves on numerous boards and is also on the investment committee of Trilantic Capital Partners Fund IV, Managing Partner and Co-Founder of Vanterra Capital, member of the General Partner and investment committee of Vanterra Transformative Energy & Materials Fund I, L.P., Co-Chairman of Carret Asset Management, LLC, and Chairman of Brean Capital. During his extensive career, Mr. Quasha has invested in hundreds of companies in the U.S. and emerging markets. Many of these investments were restructuring and turnaround situations involving significant hands-on operating experience. He served as a Director of Richemont SA from 1988 until he joined the Board of Compagnie Financière Richemont SA (a world leading luxury goods company). He currently serves as a Director of the Ackerman Institute for the Family. He is Chairman of HKN, Inc. (a publicly traded independent oil and gas company), and Chairman of the Brain Trauma Foundation. He was a past Director of American Express Funds and a former Governor of the American Stock Exchange. Mr. Quasha holds a bachelor's degree from Harvard College, an MBA from Harvard Business School, a Master of Law degree from New York University Law School, and a Doctorate of Law from the Harvard Law School.
